I don't care what you're capable of at Global Entertainment
I, Skylark International, progress together
What do you mean?
I don't care who Mr. Chu is
I, Skylark International and Mr. Chu advance and retreat together
You are humble just for his identity
The little boss who doesn't even have admission qualifications
And you have no shame.
In front of the Golden Melody Awards
Little guy like him
You're going to bet on the fire of your clouds
And everything about your Skylark International
Is that him?
Rising Stars Finals
And the Golden Melody Awards ceremony will be held at the same time
Xu Shao, I advise you to speak with your strength
I'd like to see it
Do you have the ability to take down Global Entertainment?
No need to say hello
I'd like to see if you can keep him
Since Skylark International
I have to let this little character who is not in the class come to court
Hide in I doubt there is a scene in the music scene
Then I represent Global Entertainment Group
Withdraw from the Golden Melody Awards ceremony
That's right, why take us soft with this?
The wimps of rice are compared
I agree with Xu Shao's opinion to withdraw from the selection
I also agree with the highest ceremony of the flower language music scene
Why make this cultural relic famous?
withdraw from the selection
quit quit
Quit, you see what everyone expects
You make a small choice without identity
Open confrontation with the Chinese music scene
No one can save you
Who says he has no identity?